#  Working With Scheduled Commission\n10 March 2021 | \nThe commission payment can be one time or on pre-defined frequency. This section explains how commission is paid to the agent on a defined frequency.\nWhen an agent sources a deposit (say, a big amount), the bank chooses to pay the agent a commission whenever the interest on the deposit is paid to the customer. \nTo achieve this, the commission payment is linked to the Interest Payment Activity.\nCommission is paid to an agent every month when the interest on the deposit, sourced by the agent, is paid by the bank. \n#  Working With Scheduled Commission\n10 March 2021 | \nThe commission payment can be one time or on pre-defined frequency. This section explains how commission is paid to the agent on a defined frequency.\nWhen an agent sources a deposit (say, a big amount), the bank chooses to pay the agent a commission whenever the interest on the deposit is paid to the customer. \nTo achieve this, the commission payment is linked to the Interest Payment Activity.\nCommission is paid to an agent every month when the interest on the deposit, sourced by the agent, is paid by the bank. \nIn this topic\n  * [Working With Scheduled Commission](https://docs.temenos.com/docs/Solutions/T24_Transact/Agent_Broker/AG/Agency_Commissions/ScheduledCommission/WorkingWith.htm#WorkingWithScheduledCommission)\n\n\nx\nYou are now being directed to an external website. Temenos is not endorsing any provider of products or services by facilitating access to such websites via the weblinks on this site.\nTemenos will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly for: a) the privacy of such websites b) the content of such websites c) any third party products or services made available on such websites nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused in connection with the use of or reliance on such third party websites.\n### URL Copied\nYour webpage URL has been copied\n##### Logout\nx\nAre you sure you want to exit? \n#  Working With Scheduled Commission\n10 March 2021 | \nThe commission payment can be one time or on pre-defined frequency. This section explains how commission is paid to the agent on a defined frequency.\nWhen an agent sources a deposit (say, a big amount), the bank chooses to pay the agent a commission whenever the interest on the deposit is paid to the customer. \nTo achieve this, the commission payment is linked to the Interest Payment Activity.\nCommission is paid to an agent every month when the interest on the deposit, sourced by the agent, is paid by the bank. \nIn this topic\n  * [Working With Scheduled Commission](https://docs.temenos.com/docs/Solutions/T24_Transact/Agent_Broker/AG/Agency_Commissions/ScheduledCommission/WorkingWith.htm#WorkingWithScheduledCommission)\n\n\n",
        
